[Flyout System] Add managed history controls (#9003)
elastic/eui: packages/eui/changelogs/upcoming/9003.md

> [Flyout System] Added back button, history stack managed history controls. Added history navigation events.

Reviewer: I think this would more alined with how changelogs are written in EUI, but feel free to take it or not. I think the important bit is having at least 1 bullet point and start with either "Added" or "Updated", while also mentioning the public-facing component affected:

```suggestion
- Updated `EuiFlyout` with new `onActive` callback and enable stack managed history controls.
- Updated `EuiFlyoutMenu` with new prop `historyItems` and refactored props for back button.
```
